How do you know when you are going to drown in milk? When its past your eyes! 
Milk is also the fastest liquid on earth - its pasteurized before you even see it 
A steak pun is a rare medium well done. 
A panda walks into a bar and says to the bartender "I'll have a Scotch and . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Coke thank you". "Sure thing" the bartender replies and asks "but what's with the big pause?" The panda holds up his hands and says "I was born with them" 
A man was caught stealing in a supermarket today while balanced on the shoulders of a couple of vampires. He was charged with shoplifting on two counts.  
I heard there was a new store called Moderation. They have everything there 
Our wedding was so beautiful, even the cake was in tiers. 
I went to a book store and asked the saleswoman where the Self Help section was, she said if she told me it would defeat the purpose. 
What did the mountain climber name his son? Cliff. 
I was thinking about moving to Moscow but there is no point Russian into things. 
My New Years resolution is to stop leaving things so late. 
If you're struggling to think of what to get someone for Christmas. Get them a fridge and watch their face light up when they open it. 
What's ET short for? Because he's only got little legs. 
People are making apocalypse jokes like there's no tomorrow. 
Why do crabs never give to charity? Because they're shellfish. 
What do you call an Argentinian with a rubber toe? Roberto 
What do you call a Mexican man leaving the hospital? Manuel 
I cut my finger chopping cheese, but I think that I may have grater problems. 
Today a girl said she recognized me from vegetarian club, but I'm sure I've never met herbivore. 
I went to the doctor today and he told me I had type A blood but it was a type O. 
When you have a bladder infection, urine trouble. 
My cat was just sick on the carpet, I don't think it's feline well. 
I dreamed about drowning in an ocean made out of orange soda last night. It took me a while to work out it was just a Fanta sea. 
Without geometry life is pointless. 
A termite walks into a bar and asks "Is the bar tender here?" 
What's Forest Gump's Facebook password? 1forest1 
I gave all my dead batteries away today... Free of charge. 
I needed a password eight characters long so I picked Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs. 
I am terrified of elevators. I'm going to start taking steps to avoid them. 
Tea is for mugs. 
What's the advantage of living in Switzerland? Well, the flag is a big plus. 
Why did the octopus beat the shark in a fight? Because it was well armed. 
A red and a blue ship have just collided in the Caribbean. Apparently the survivors are marooned. 
I've deleted the phone numbers of all the Germans I know from my mobile phone. Now it's Hans free. 
Last night me and my girlfriend watched three DVDs back to back. Luckily I was the one facing the TV. 
How do you organize a space party? You planet. 
How much does a hipster weigh? An instagram. 
What do you call a group of killer whales playing instruments? An Orca-stra. 
A man walked in to a bar with some asphalt on his arm. He said "Two beers please, one for me and one for the road." 
Just watched a documentary about beavers... It was the best dam program I've ever seen. 
Breaking news! Energizer Bunny arrested - charged with battery. 
Conjunctivitis.com - now that's a site for sore eyes. 
A Sandwich walks into a bar, the bartender says "Sorry, we don't serve food here" 
"Doctor, I've broken my arm in several places" Doctor "Well don't go to those places." 
I'm on a whiskey diet. I've lost three days already. 
I fear for the calendar, it's days are numbered. 
There's a new type of broom out, it's sweeping the nation. 
Atheism is a non-prophet organisation. 
Slept like a log last night ... woke up in the fireplace. 
My codebase. 
wood yew stop asking, this is just cypressing, birch. 
I could tell a joke about pizza, but it's just too cheesy. 
Two antennas got married, the wedding wasn't much, but the reception was great!. 
I went to buy some camouflage pants the other day, but I couldn't find any. 
Two fish swim into a wall, one looks at the other and says, “Dam“. 
Why did a scarecrow get a raise, he out standing in his field. 
Moobot accused me of being immature, I told him to get out of his fort. 
I want to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandpa. I don't want to die kicking and screaming, like the passenger in his car. 
You spend the first two years teaching kids to walk and talk, then the next 16 years telling them to sit down and shut up. 
The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese. 
If buses stop at bus stations, and trains stop at train stations, I work at a work station. 
The one purpose for a middle name, is to know when you're in trouble. 
You don't need parachute to skydive, you only need a parachute to skydive twice. 
The voices in my head may not be real, but they got some really good ideas. 
Money can't buy happiness, but it sure makes misery easier. 
Screaming is the same, whether I'm being eaten by a shark, or seaweed touches my feet. 
I like work, it fascinates me, I sit and look at it for hours. 
Never hit someone with glasses, bats are more effective. 
If winning isn't everything, then why do they keep score?. 
If at first you don't succeed, skydiving is not for you. 
If you're supposed to learn from your mistakes, why do people still have more than one child. 
What do Winnie the Pooh and Jack the Ripper have in common, the same middle name. 
What's brown and sticky, a stick. 
A horse walks into a bar, the bartender looks at him and says, “Why the long face?”. 
What's green and has wheels, grass... I lied about the wheels. 
“Mom, my teacher got mad at me for something I didn't do.” “What?” “My homework.”. 
What do you call a polite dinosaur, a pleaseyosaurus. 
Two men walk into a bar, one looks to the other, “You think one of us would have seen it.“. 
Why didn't the knife have any friends, it was too dull. 
What do you do when a blonde throws a grenade at you, pull the pin and throw it back. 
I still remember my grandpa's last words before he kicked the bucket, “How far do you think I can kick this bucket?”. 
Skyzm's webcam. 
The last thing I want to do is hurt you, but it's still on the list. 
How do you drown a hipster, throw them in the mainstream. 
I was talking to a cow, everybody was looking at me like I was crazy. 
When you're russian for food, there's no time for Stalin. 
Shins are just devices for finding furniture in dark rooms. 
Why should you never break up with a goalie, because they're a keeper. 
What do you call cheese that's not yours, nacho cheese. 
What do you call cheese that's not yours, cheese that's not yours. 
Where are the sour patched parents?, #orphaned. 
What did one boat say to the other, “Are you up for a little row-mance?”. 
I have a fear of speed bumps, but I'm slowly getting over it. 
Clones are people two. 
What did one eye say to the other, “Don't look now but something between us smells.”. 
If you're sad during a holiday, you are Charlie Brown. 
Bread is the worst with computers, he gets crumbs all over the keyboard. 
“Why aren’t you laughing?” “I broke my humerous.”. 
If you live in Canada and you’re late for work say, “A moose broke into my house.”. 
I was holding a sledgehammer above Jay’s face, it was heavy, don’t look in his basement. 
“Mom, why am I named Rose?” “Because a Rose fell on your head when you were born.” “Mom why am I named Lily.” “Because a lily fell on your head when you were born” “gggerddffflerk” “Shut up Cinder Block. 
What do you do when you cross a shellfish and an apple, a crab apple. 
Yeah 06